The room sat in shocked silence after hearing the report. Addie looked around
at the faces. Goliss was sitting next to her, a grim look on her face, but the
rest of the committee were mostly strangers. They were the big wigs from the
Mars Health Organization.

After Williams' confession of people dying at his station, the MHO had stepped
in and started asking questions and taking samples and making his life
miserable. The result, that they had just now reported, was that nearly all of
Boston's mining robots had some sort of biological contamination on the
outside shell. And it wasn't just random sludge, it was a nasty
bacteria. Deadly to humans.

At this was discovery a hazmat encased team descended on the robots and
collected hundreds of thousands of samples. In their labs they were able to
generate DNA sequences.

A large and hairy man stood up. "Now the real work begins." Jim Creek was the
chief scientist for MHO. He continued. "We have the DNA sequences for all of
the dangerous bacteria in our database. As expected, all of the strands are
different. These bacteria evolve and mutate at an incredible rate. However, we
believe that if we can find common gene sequences between all of these, then
we can engineer an antibiotic to counteract their effect on people."

Nods of understanding came from the majority of those sitting at the table.

"But that's the problem," Jim said. "We literally have one hundred thousand
strands of DNA. It will take us many months of tedious labor to manually find
the gene subsequences." He turned to Goliss.

"Assistant Director Goliss, I understand that you have a highly skilled
programmer that might be able to help us here." He shifted his gaze to Addie. "Is
that you?"

She nodded and smiled in acknowledgement, if not a bit nervous.

"Good! So do you understand the problem? Can you help?"

Before Addie could respond Goliss jumped in. "Mister Creek, yes, this is my
programmer. I'm sure that we will do everything we can to help but this
problem might be a little too hard for us. We can't commit to it just
yet. Please send us the database and we'll look at it and get back to you."

Jim glared at Goliss for a moment and then softened his look. "Of course, I
understand. This is a difficult problem. But it is also urgent and
important. We need to find those subsequences. Every day, and I mean every
day, that we don't have a solution for this problem, people are dying. Please,
work on this as quickly as you can." Jim looked like he was about to pound his
fist on the table but then he stopped himself.

"Yes Mister Creek, we will do our best."

Goliss ushered Addie out of the room and found a place in the hallway where no
one was too close to them. "I hope you can do this. As soon as I get the
database I'll send it to you and then I need you to work on it. Can you?"

"No problem," Addie replied. "I've recently been learning a new programming
language, it's called Java, and this problem should be a peice of cake with
that new language." She started to explain some of the details of Java but
then Goliss stopped her. "You see? This is why I am so glad to have you. I
have no idea what you're talking about but I know that you do. I'll send you
the data as soon as I get it. For now, I need to head down to Alabama to work
out some issues they are having."

She lead Addie to a transport which would take her back to her
workstation. Yes another crisis on Mars. Addie was sure she could solve the
problem.

